fix(curriculum): remove media query requirement, general improvements (#46639)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-css-flexbox-by-building-a-photo-gallery/615392916d83fa4f02f7e2cf.md

# --description--

> You may have noticed that your images have moved onto the same row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The `flex-wrap` property determines how your flex items should behave when the flex container is too small. Setting this property to `wrap` will allow your flex items to wrap to the next row/column (depending on your main axis). The `nowrap` value will prevent your flex items from wrapping. When `nowrap` is applied, flex items may shrink to fit or overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flex-wrap` property determines how your flex items behave when the flex container is too small. Setting it to `wrap` will allow the items to wrap to the next row or column. `nowrap` (default) will prevent your items from wrapping and shrink them if needed.
```

> Default value for `flex-wrap` is `nowrap` when making a flex container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Give the `.gallery` selector a `flex-wrap` property set to `wrap` as the value. You should see a column layout. How many columns you see will depend on the width of the preview window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make it so your flex items wrap to the next row when they run out of space.
```

body {
  margin: 0;
  font-family: sans-serif;
  background: #f5f6f7;
}

.header {
  text-align: center;
  text-transform: uppercase;
  padding: 32px;
  background-color: #0a0a23;
  color: #fff;
  border-bottom: 4px solid #fdb347;
}

--fcc-editable-region--
.gallery {
  display: flex;

>   flex-direction: row;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  flex-direction: row-reverse;
```
